Better be...
...Gryffindor!
Your attention, please.
Let the feast begin.
Wow.
I'm half and half.
Me dad's a Muggle. Mum's a witch.
Bit of a nasty shock for him
when he found out.
Percy, who's that teacher
talking to Professor Quirrell?
PERCY: Professor Snape,
head of Slytherin house.
– What's he teach?
– Potions.
But he fancies the Dark Arts.
He's been after Quirrell's job for years.
Hello! How are you?
Welcome to Gryffindor.
GIRL:
It's the Bloody Baron!
Hello, Sir Nicholas.
Have a nice summer?
Dismal. Once again, my request to join
the Headless Hunt has been denied.
I know you.
You're Nearly Headless Nick.
I prefer Sir Nicholas,
if you don't mind.
"Nearly" headless?
How can you be nearly headless?
Like this.
PERCY: Gryffindors, follow me, please.
Keep up. Thank you.
Ravenclaw, follow me. This way.
PERCY: This is the most direct path
to the dormitories.
Keep an eye on the staircases.
They like to change.
Keep up, please, and follow me.
Quickly now, come on. Come on.
RON:
That picture's moving.
RON: Look at that one.
HARRY: I think she fancies you.
GIRL 1: Look!
GIRL 2: Who's that girl?
MAN IN PICTURE:
Welcome to Hogwarts.
GIRL 3:
Who's that?
Password?
Caput Draconis.
Wow.
PERCY: Follow me, everyone.
Keep up. Quickly, come on.
Gather around here.
Welcome to the Gryffindor
common room.
Boys' dormitory is upstairs to the left.
Girls, the same on your right.
Your belongings have
already been brought up.
Made it!
Can you imagine the look on old
McGonagall's face if we were late?
– That was bloody brilliant!
– Thank you for that assessment.
It'd be better if I transfigured
Mr. Potter and you into a watch.
– Then one of you might be on time.
– We got lost.
Then perhaps a map? I trust you
don't need one to find your seats.
There will be no foolish wand-waving
or silly incantations in this class.
As such, I don't expect
many of you to appreciate...
...the subtle science and exact art
that is potion-making.
However, for those select few...
...who possess the predisposition...
...I can teach you
how to bewitch the mind...
...and ensnare the senses.
I can tell you how to bottle fame...
...brew glory and even
put a stopper in death.
Then again, maybe some of you have
come to Hogwarts with abilities...
...so formidable that
you feel confident enough...
...to not pay attention.
Mr. Potter.
Our new celebrity.
What would I get if I added root of
asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?
You don't know? Let's try again.
Where would you look
if I asked you to find a bezoar?
I don't know, sir.
SNAPE: What is the difference
between monkshood and wolfsbane?
I don't know, sir.
Pity.
Clearly, fame isn't everything...
...is it, Mr. Potter?
Eye of rabbit, harp string hum
Turn this water into rum
Eye of rabbit....
What's Seamus trying to do
to the water?
Turn it to rum. Actually managed
a weak tea yesterday, before
[EXPLODES]
[OWL CRIES]
Mail's here.
Can I borrow this? Thanks.
Look, Neville's got a Remembrall.
I've read about those. The smoke turns
red when you've forgotten something.
The problem is, I can't remember
what I've forgotten.
Somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen.
"Believed to be the work
of Dark wizards or witches...
...Gringotts goblins acknowledge
the breach but insist nothing was taken.
The vault in question, number 713,
had been emptied earlier that same day."
That's odd. That's the vault
Hagrid and I went to.
– Good afternoon, class.
– Good afternoon, Madam Hooch.
Good afternoon, Amanda.
Good afternoon.
Welcome to your first flying lesson.
What are you waiting for?
Step up to your broomstick.
Come on now, hurry up. Stick your hand
over the broom and say, "Up."
Up!
– Up.
Up. Up!
With feeling.
ALL:
Up!
– Up. Up.
Up! Oh!
Shut up, Harry.
Now, once you've got hold of
your broom, I want you to mount it.
Grip it tight. You don't wanna be
sliding off the end.
When I blow my whistle, I want you
to kick off from the ground, hard.
Keep your broom steady,
hover for a moment...
...then lean forward slightly
and touch back down.
On my whistle. Three, two....
Mr. Longbottom.
– Mr. Longbottom!
– Down, down!
Neville!
Come back down this instant!
Mr. Longbo
[NEVILLE SCREAMS]
NEVILLE:
Whoa!
Ow!
MADAM HOOCH:
Everyone out of the way!
Is he all right?
Oh, dear, it's a broken wrist.
Poor boy. Come on now, up you get.
Keep your feet on the ground
while I take him to the hospital wing.
Understand? If I see
a single broom in the air...
...the one riding it will be expelled
before they can say Quidditch.
Did you see his face?
If he had squeezed this, he'd have
remembered to fall on his arse.
Give it here, Malfoy.
No. I'll leave it somewhere
for Longbottom to find.
How about on the roof?
What's the matter, Potter?
Bit beyond your reach?
Harry, no way!
You heard what Madam Hooch said.
Besides, you don't know how to fly.
What an idiot.
Give it here or I'll
knock you off your broom!
Is that so?
Have it your way, then.
BOY 1: Nice going, Harry.
BOY 2: That was wicked, Harry!
Harry Potter!
Follow me.
You wait here.
Professor Quirrell, excuse me.
Could I borrow Wood for a moment?
Yes, of course.
[LIZARD GROWLS]
Potter, this is Oliver Wood.
Wood, I have found you a Seeker.
Have you heard? Harry Potter's
the new Gryffindor Seeker.
I always knew he'd do well.
Seeker? But first years
never make the house teams.
– You must be the youngest player in
– A century, McGonagall says.
Well done, Harry.
Wood's just told us.
Fred and George are on the team.
Beaters.
Our job is to make sure you
don't get bloodied up too bad.
Can't make any promises.
Rough game, Quidditch.
But no one's died in years.
Someone vanishes occasionally.
But they'll turn up in a month or two.
Go on. Quidditch is great. Best game
there is, and you'll be great too.
I've never played.
What if I make a fool of myself?
You won't make a fool of yourself.
It's in your blood.
Whoa.
You never told me your father
was a Seeker too.
I didn't know.
I'm telling you, it's spooky.
She knows more about you than you do.
HARRY:
Who doesn't?
What's happening?
The staircases change, remember?
– Let's go this way.
RON: Before the staircase moves again.
Does anybody feel like
we shouldn't be here?
HERMIONE:
We're not supposed to be here.
This is the third floor.
It's forbidden.
Let's go.
[CAT MEOWS]
HERMIONE: It's Filch's cat!
HARRY: Run!
Quick, let's hide through that door!
– It's locked!
– We're done for!
Move over!
Alohomora.
Get in.
Alohomora?
Standard Book of Spells,
chapter seven.